One side
Prepare function
Eco explained in Mao as an example to erase the value
Have you been shining in Britain
It is such a formation process
Day came lol
When you can configure
When I was able to get medical care again
In the meantime, a disk-like thing came out
Because the ingredient is the same as giving this opportunity
Most ingredients are recommended helium sweets
Weight successive Thailand 99%
The remaining about 1% is
Rocks
Iron content
First or
It is love or something
Such things
I am proud to have come out
Large question 1 micron high national less than that
That kind of thing is free
It is such a disk
After that, the component of the pride is gathered in the Yamada planet
I'm alive
It's a pride to move back and forth, and it's the first battle with the mountain as a secondary stop mountain.
It wasn't usually that one micron or so
It's beautiful
1 kilometer high Kyoto size
It is said that there is a unit price
I'm thinking about it I called the sex hypothesis to burn up to the sky before
I want to do it this year, but I want to do this year Crater of the Moon
I understand until I see, but I write that my head is full
The hole ivo is not released after this small object has collided
There was a Tashiro small object
I was able to get a lot more than it, but I was able to share it with Maji 19
It is near
For example, around the earth, about 20 protoplanets are increasingly read
I would like to have a slight neck or other attitude towards
It is generally possible to do it
In the end
If you have a head-sized celestial body and you can do it
Like grandchildren
I think that it was said that it was made by taking steps
The bus was built in the middle of the city in front of the Earth-like planet
It is the limit like skein recommendation, but
Wood and mobility
Mars has been addicted outside
After all as a component car
The gas is
It is the main ingredient
It is said that it is considered where and how it was made
If you
It is a place away from the sun Jupiter and mobility are waiting
That's why
At such places
If the temperature is low due to holding a pie
If the temperature is low retail
If it can condense
Very large quantities from retail stores
There is a large amount of this universe, that is the largest 7 in this universe
Degree occurring style
Next is helium
If there are many next to that, what is oxygen?
In addition, since it is five ways in the retail store, it has supported the outside from the outside
only
Is the temperature falling and that is a good example
Crush
When it comes to the situation that it can condense
It's going to be a lot of Xilinx
So if that good example gets thicker
A huge planet is formed
And by theoretical calculation
From the fifth floor of the weight of one ball
Gravity is very strong when it becomes 10 times or such weight
so
Helium around
Maybe that's the case
Gathering gravity and gaining weight
I think so
And that's the same thing in 4th place, but I gave it to people who made me agree in 2f1
I was able to earn
Affirmed even soon and students collided
In the light of the
I'm thinking about something that happened
Let's see if it is Uranus Neptune, which is more outside Jupiter and Saturn
To say
The world of 1. is ready
Because it is further out of the same sex
High opposition retailers are low when it is time to condense
However
Emperor Sutra Neptune
It can be said that the main component of these students is retail
I already know
Certainly there is a wait on the surface but
It is a handmade box sale
Why does it not have a coast of mobility with Jupiter?
The more you go, the more you go the planet
Is moving
There is also such a thing
The planet was growing up in the cold weather
You
The speed gets slower the more you go out
I said the same thing a bit
Yeah
It is made in Ninmari when Yasuo was made
The gas year number is
We think that alternative land pattern is several million yen
It is also a talk about men's core performance again
It's said that it's gone when it flows in
It is the thing from now on
That's the worst setting the world can eat slowly
Because it was
Finally getting bigger
It is utilization to play
3. By the time we thought that it would be added
It was said that there were few disks
So after all that
Yes I can not collect but I do not kill but as an exchange student while
It remained
I'm thinking about my guard
If you think about it
Earth-like planets with rock as the main component towards the fan in the solar system
There
Aqueous 19
It is utilization of Nanjing
Besides that, Jupiter and Saturn are huge
The gas is trapped in the outside of the oxygen
Though it is a fence in the middle of the US, it is also called Uranus Neptune
I want a retail store
The elderly people's access Neko remained
There are a lot of departure houses, the difference in system and the difference in sensibility
It will be done
I will talk about my head so far
If you set rice outside Neptune
I wonder if it will be after
I think many people imported after
Pluto is
Because we are waiting for Neptune
Actually
eh
Growth corruption
But it seems that the cosmos in the east and west did not seem so
Is this
The system of circuit design is small to the old wisdom
Of course the earth and water
Army and small
It is a celestial body
It was discovered that now
70 years eight years
It may be dizzy but at that time
The point of the machine is visible
The point is that it was the third other than the dollar
I did not understand well
But when I say that I was a member of the solar system
Said with the students
In the beginning was not effective
If there is room for the earth
With students who imagined somehow
I've been joining the Solar System in the same capital city, but
The observation technology is coming up
Pluto's also has a new discovery of sap
And then the maid
In fact, it is a member of the solar system of eco cars much more
Small in front of the planets of the solar system
In addition
It was a small celestial body and there are plenty of other things to wait
Because I knew what it was
After all it is called the planet
In the mountains
Well, I'm thinking of calling
A mountain planet that I would not respect you so much
Say
It was decided on that